Ye Feifan, if you dare to touch him
I can't spare you
Don't worry, I won't let go of any Ye family online.
They will all accompany you.
King Wu, our Ye family experts are like clouds
Wait for anyone
You want to fight me alone
Winner delusional
That's a lot of crap.
Are you ready to hit the road?
Don't butler
Kill this bastard now
Ye Bufan tells you
Now you better get on your knees and beg for mercy
Butler Night, he is Daneng Well
Crushing to death is as simple as dying a dragon every year
He can enter
Is it awesome?
The eldest young master sees that you are also a member of the Ye family
Just apologize to Ye Shao
I'll let go of what happened today
Forgive your father
Your Ye family
Did you ever want to spare your mother's life?
Mr. Ye
The head of the Ye family is very guilty about what happened back then
I've been sending people to find you all these years
As long as you hand over the Tai Chi diagram
The Ye family master will allow you to return to the Ye family
The Qian family is vulnerable in my eyes
I can create a Ye family at any time
The sword is extraordinary, I tell you, don't forget
You've been just a mess from start to finish
Our Ye family
I will take you in forever
It would be a great honor for you.
Mr. Ye, the Ye family has countless resources
As long as you are willing to return to the Ye family
It's up to you to deploy such a large resource.